Come back, the child didn't lie to you.
We were really invited.
Invite you cripple
Lin Jianguo
You're getting more and more shameless now
You know my new brother-in-law's children
Attending the Olympic World Congress today
You actually lick your face to rub the banquet
And bring such a large group of people who can't get on the table
Disgusting
I respect you.
Call you auntie
You can't bully people like that, can you?
We didn't steal or rob
Why are you so insulted?
My father is physically disabled
Does your conscience not hurt?
You know he's disabled.
It poisoned my eyes.
Don't you need to pay me for mental damage?
Look at you like this
Remember when my sister gave birth to you
It should be thrown directly into the pigsty and fed to the pigs
Liu Huilan, it doesn't matter what you say to me.
But it's still a child outside
Is she your niece?
You are in front of so many people
Scolding your niece so unkindly, okay?
Where is my niece?
I only see one Tian
Shameless fool standing in front of me
He urged me not to call me that.
He doesn't deserve Aotian to be my good nephew
Although he is not related to us at all
But he has a good father
His dad waved
I am the lobby manager of this Yunting Hotel
Only the children of powerful men like him
He is my nephew's father
Since he is so disregarding of family
Why are we telling him so much?
Hey, what are you doing?
Liu Helan
You don't control us
We're not here to eat
We are here today thanks to Wenwen
Because of you, he is